#WCCI - Sample WinForm Application
 
##Overview
Here is the We Can Code It Employee WinForm application. The SampleForm.cs is the main form of the application. It offers a list of the Company employees and a few menu options. The CompanyInfo.cs is a form that is used as dialog box. The EmployeeForm.cs is where the WCCI Employee information is collected and then saved back to the company via a [deletegate](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/delegates/).

##Points of References

###WinForm Information

Every WinForm file has 3 parts, with one hidden part. For example, SampleForm.cs is made up of a SampleForm.cs Design View, a SampleForm.Designer.cs, a SampleForm.resx, and a hidden SampleForm.cs Code View. When you click any Form.cs file it will open the Design View.

###Design View

The design view of a WinForm is a type of What You See Is What You Get or WYSIWYG designer. You can drag and drop different Tools from the Toolbox.

###Code View

To see the Code View you can Right Click the Form.cs file and click Code View or hit F7 while on a Form Design View. This is where you will implement Form properties and methods.

###Designer.cs File

The WinForm Designer.cs file is usually generated by the design of the Form and for the most part does not require 

###Program.cs

The main program of the application. It is currently set to start up SampleForm.cs - read the comments to get hints on things you might want to change.

##Tools and Tips
- Double clicking a Toolbox field object will generate an event handler method for that item. If you later delete the Toolbox item, the generated Designer.cs file will suddenly have a missing method reference OR if you delete the method the Designer.cs file might also break. In these events use the ErrorList to determine what line needs to be adjusted. Be careful not to delete anything except the reference to the missing method or object.
- F7 will reveal the Code View on a Form.cs file
- Read the comments and write down questions for class
